I've never known a guy more talented at
untangling politics so that anyone can
understand Gary Hart is being bold and
inventive ideas into American politics
it is a gift and he wants to share that
with people
Bard is pushing groundbreaking reforms
on education and foreign policy I want
you to think about the opportunity that
we have right now with the ideas and
vision to take America into the 21st
century and the cost to this great
country if we squander it talks about
America's future ideas
powerful ideas of what this election is
all about heart beating bush baseball by
12 Gary Hart is considered the man to
beat
[Applause]
[Music]
do you feel like you have a traditional
marriage there is no privacy the cameras
go everywhere the one thing I ever asked
this don't embarrass me
senator this sex with that woman can't
be serious there's no need for that
don't you think you owe it to us to be
for us oh you you're running for
president I'm aware that Tom it's in the
paper
what do you have a responsibility -
Ponce abilities are you know yours there
are stories being written right now
there is no story
women izing flies
just because some other paper used
gossipers front-page news and betters I
mean we have now
this campaign is about the future not
warmest not sleaze
care about the sanctity of this process
whether you do or do not in a matter of
days hearts campaign has collapsed we're
talking about how you get through today
without pissing away everything we've
all worked for on this campaign
we use this we can kiss the white house
goodbye
[Music]